all right nice together right this way
so how dark do you want to be we have
one two or three well I like how you
look what are you what are we can - I
think you're gonna face the red light
when the red light goes on the spring is
about to start so close your eyes when
the spring stops count to five yourself
down to a boy drip marched and turn
around so we can get your back got it
Spray count pat and turn Spray count and
pat Wow
you catch on quick well I have a PhD
one Mississippi two Mississippi three he
sprayed my front twice you never turned
no I barely even got the three
Mississippi Mississippi I said count to
five Mississippi Leslie and that bad
yeah but it keeps getting darker for the
next four hours so how dark is it gonna
get oh you got sprayed with two twos and
I'm a four yeah look it back to zero
you're gonna want to even that out
really I want to get back in okay
wait wait a minute there's no light on
the back wall how do I know what it's
going to start hello
the same thing happened again you got
two more tools tonight
hold on there's something different
I went to that tanning place your wife
suggested was that place the Sun Oh
and it gets worse oh my god you can do a
duet of ebony and ivory all by yourself
how could you mess this up it's so easy
you go into the booth you count to five
and you turn around how do you count to
five one two three dammit